Updated Installation Doc for Postgres Change (#61)
paralus/website: docs/Installation/index.md

        domain: my-host.com
   ```

>     > Note: Since v0.1.9, elasticsearch is an optional component. By default, Paralus will install with Postgres. If you're doing a fresh install, below are the values.yaml file that you must pass during installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: Since v0.1.9, elasticsearch is an optional component. By default, Paralus will use database ( Postgres ) as the auditlog storage component. If you're doing a fresh install, below are the values.yaml file that you must pass during installation:
```
